echo ""
echo "Starting SYNSOU"
echo ""
#
#Compile print module
#
com :synmains:printmodule.x -of :syntlibs:printmodulelib
#
#Compile everything
#
source synsou/audmod/com
source synsou/apvmod/com
source synsou/condmod/com
source synsou/d40mod/com
source synsou/d42mod/com
source synsou/dbugmod/com
source synsou/dirmod/com
source synsou/dspmod/com
source synsou/dtdmod/com
source synsou/editmod/com
source synsou/errmod/com
source synsou/filemod/com
source synsou/getmod/com
source synsou/gidmod/com
source synsou/globmod/com
source synsou/gprmmod/com
source synsou/indexmod/com
source synsou/linkmod/com
source synsou/lodmod/com
source synsou/mapmod/com
source synsou/mathmod/com
source synsou/mnotmod/com.sh
source synsou/monomod/com
source synsou/mousemod/com
source synsou/parmmod/com
source synsou/patchmod/com
source synsou/plotmod/com
source synsou/polymod/com
source synsou/promod/com
source synsou/recmod/com
source synsou/recrdmod/com
source synsou/routmod/com
source synsou/scrnmod/com
source synsou/seqmod/com
source synsou/smgrmod/com
source synsou/stmmod/com
source synsou/stormod/com
source synsou/sysmod/com
source synsou/tformmod/com
source synsou/timbmod/com
source synsou/tprimmod/com
source synsou/trapmod/com
source synsou/ttymod/com
source synsou/welcmod/com
source synsou/xmemmod/com
#
echo ""
echo "SYNSOU Compilation Finished"
#
echo ""
echo "Starting SYNRSOU"
echo ""
source synrsou/03-prim/com
source synrsou/04-seq/com
source synrsou/05-butt/com
source synrsou/06-main/com
source synrsou/08-init/com
source synrsou/09-guit/com
source synrsou/10-int/com
source synrsou/11-timb/com
source synrsou/12-edit/com
#
echo ""
echo "SYNRSOU completed"
#
echo ""
echo "Starting link of RTP(s) (:SYNMAINS:COM)"
echo ""
source "${XPLFolder}synmains/com"
